Create `osu! originals` wiki article (#8046)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/osu!_originals/en.md

# osu! originals

**osu! originals** are songs that are specifically made for (or otherwise first premiered in) osu! or other osu!-related events such as tournaments, contests, and [Featured Artist](/wiki/Featured_Artists) announcements. While not all osu! originals are officially licensed and included in the [Featured Artist library](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists), the songs that do are commonly distinguished by the `ORIGINAL` label on their respective artists' pages.

> All osu! originals that have been licensed by the game are cleared for use in osu! under non-exclusive terms as per the [osu! music licensing policy](/wiki/Legal/Music_licensing). With the exception of bootleg tracks and certain remixes, other osu! originals generally fall under a similar provision unless otherwise specified.

Reviewer: i almost forgot about it but i'm pretty sure this last sentence can't really be said to be correct in any way

```suggestion
All osu! originals that have been licensed by the game are cleared for use in osu! under non-exclusive terms as per the [osu! music licensing policy](/wiki/Legal/Music_licensing).
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's something where it's quite safe to assume, but nobody has ever explicitly said it. (Mine are cleared for use, though)

I'm not sure how doable it would be but it might be a good idea to say something along the lines of "probably cleared, but please double check".

Reviewer: i think this should be fine

```suggestion
All osu! originals that have been licensed by the game are cleared for use in osu! under non-exclusive terms as per the [osu! music licensing policy](/wiki/Legal/Music_licensing). Conversely, non-licensed osu! originals may require permission for use. See the [Content Usage Guidelines](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Rules/Content_Usage_Guidelines) for more information.
```

Author: yup, applied

| Song | Beatmap | Notes |
| :-: | :-: | :-- |
| [Dz'Xa - COSMOBEAT](https://soundcloud.com/dz_xa/cosmobeat) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1523659) | Grand Finals tiebreaker |

#### ![](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) [Squad Global Taiko Showdown 2021](/wiki/Tournaments/GTS/SGTS_2021)

| Song | Beatmap | Notes |
| :-: | :-: | :-- |
| [Ice vs Yukino - R4incarnation](https://soundcloud.com/iceloki/r4incarnation-vs-yukino) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1698384) | Grand Finals tiebreaker |

#### ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) The Perennial 2022

| Song | Beatmap | Notes |
| :-: | :-: | :-- |
| [Down - DeviousPanda](https://open.spotify.com/album/7o7flUNX2MptKfLVL4Y2bz) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1789325) | Grand Finals NM6 |
| [UNDEAD CORPORATION - The Throne](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCVtU9kWo1w)[^fa-catalogue] | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1789376) | Grand Finals tiebreaker |

### Official song remix contest releases

#### [osu! "circles!" Remix Contest](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2016-05-06-osu-circles-remix-contest)

| Song | Notes |
| :-: | :-- |

> | [BilliumMoto - HDHR](https://soundcloud.com/billiummoto/hdhr) | Winning entry, later featured in [Monthly Beatmapping Contest #13](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2016-12-09-monthly-beatmapping-contest-13-now-open) |

Reviewer 3: since it's the only entry with a note, you can turn the note into an inline comment and replace the table with an itemized list

Reviewer: i don't think changing this one table will make the article look better as a whole... and i don't think it'll look too bad with osu-web's table styling anyway

Reviewer 3: yes but it's really meaningless on the other hand

Reviewer 2: On your concerns about it becoming outdated, I think you can probably make PR responsibility fall on tournament hosts in case of official/unofficial tournaments, likewise for mapping contest hosts, and individual artists/mappers for standalone maps.

Although that would require that those people know this page exists in the first place and be willing to contribute to it.
